[vertical-pod-autoscaler] refactor vpas (#1918)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/internal/DEVELOPMENT.md

The helper **MUST** be used for all Deckhouse components (wherever possible) except for DaemonSets that are deployed to all cluster nodes (node-exporter, csi-node, flannel, etc.).

### Vertical Pod Autoscaler resources
All module deployments, statefulsets and daemonsets should have appropriate VPA resources.
Every container in controller should have appropriate record in VPA resource, with `minAllowed` and `maxAllowed` values set.
If VPA is disabled, resources requests in containers should be equal appropriate `minAllowed` values.
For simplify values change, use helm helpers.

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All module Deployments, StatefulSets, and Daemonsets should have appropriate VPA resources.
Every container in the controller should have an appropriate record in the VPA resource, with `minAllowed` and `maxAllowed` values set.

If VPA is disabled, resource requests in containers should be equal to appropriate `minAllowed` values.
To simplify values change, use helm helpers.

Example:
```

```yaml
{{- define "speaker_resources" }}
cpu: 10m
memory: 30Mi
{{- end }}
---
apiVersion: autoscaling.k8s.io/v1
kind: VerticalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: speaker
  namespace: d8-{{ .Chart.Name }}
spec:
  targetRef:
    apiVersion: "apps/v1"
    kind: DaemonSet
    name: speaker
  updatePolicy:
    updateMode: "Auto"
  resourcePolicy:
    containerPolicies:
      - containerName: speaker
        minAllowed:
          {{- include "speaker_resources" . | nindent 8 }}
        maxAllowed:
          cpu: 20m
          memory: 60Mi
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: DaemonSet
metadata:
  name: speaker
  namespace: d8-{{ .Chart.Name }}
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: speaker
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: speaker
    spec: 
    containers:
      - name: speaker
        resources:
          requests:
          {{- if not ( .Values.global.enabledModules | has "vertical-pod-autoscaler-crd") }}
            {{- include "speaker_resources" . | nindent 14 }}
          {{- end }}
```
#### Special labels for VPA resources

> If resource pods should be present on master nodes, add special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: master` to appropriate VPA resource.
> If resource pods should be present on every node, add special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: every-node` to appropriate VPA resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If resource Pods should be present on master nodes, add the special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: master` to the appropriate VPA resource.

If resource Pods should be present on every node, add the special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: every-node` to the appropriate VPA resource.
```

#### Special labels for VPA resources

> If resource Pods should be present on master nodes, add the special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: master` to the appropriate VPA resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Pods should be present on master nodes, add label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: master` to the corresponding VPA resource.
```

> If resource Pods should be present on every node, add the special label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: every-node` to the appropriate VPA resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Pods should be present on every node, add label `workload-resource-policy.deckhouse.io: every-node` to the corresponding VPA resource.
```

Reviewer 2: Is it 'every node' or 'any node'? 'Every' sounds like it is about a daemonset.
